moving right about Marvin cheese nervous
okay yeah I recording this yam put you
on YouTube do it now I can't be really
really hard she's singing on youtube
really good have you think I she goes on
because on I don't go along with you
Shane I'll show you uses my camera and
does video well I yeah yeah yeah where's
your laptop show me you know
okay I was couple pinches he'll be fine
um I'm so excited for you oh no why oh
yeah baby you're okay okay yeah danza
don't miss it stay still so he can
finish it means Bell's palsy yeah I had
that
well coming at a really smooth she did
like a tramp yeah you did whoo you're a
really tightly to stop moving your love
for Cathy sure crew she's so guys okay
oh cool
we're working anything the done is done
rock out you thinking Beka curriculum
with you to you it's please a little so
the other ways your blood okay look at
me let me say good curling my